By downloading any of these images, you agree to Microsoft’s Terms of Service with respect to (5.) Authorized Software and Activation. NONE of the Images have been pre-activated using a Generic Key. You are required to use a genuine key. By using any of these images you agree that you have obtained a genuine product key or are able to activate by an other authorized method.

Atlas is developed for educational purposes only, which emphasizes an effort to reverse engineer, disable or replace components of the Microsoft Windows 10 operating system. The goal is an endeavor to better understand and mitigate the collection of Personally identifiable information (PII), as has been clearly outlined by numerous outlets covering the topic, including comments by famed whistle-blower Edward Snowden. Another goal is to improve the performance of Windows, by disabling components included within it.

[ SOURCE — www.eff.org ](https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2016/08/windows-10-microsoft-blatantly-disregards-user-choice-and-privacy-deep-dive)
EU Directive 2009/24, on the legal protection of computer programs, governs reverse engineering in the European Union. The directive states:

> "(15) The unauthorised reproduction, translation, adaptation or transformation of the form of the code in which a copy of a computer program has been made available constitutes an infringement of the exclusive rights of the author. Nevertheless, circumstances may exist when such a reproduction of the code and translation of its form are indispensable to obtain the necessary information to achieve the interoperability of an independently created program with other programs. It has therefore to be considered that, in these limited circumstances only, performance of the acts of reproduction and translation by or on behalf of a person having a right to use a copy of the program is legitimate and compatible with fair practice and must therefore be deemed not to require the authorisation of the rightholder. An objective of this exception is to make it possible to connect all components of a computer system, including those of different manufacturers, so that they can work together. Such an exception to the author's exclusive rights may not be used in a way which prejudices the legitimate interests of the rightholder or which conflicts with a normal exploitation of the program." 
